[loki] Add workload template helper for compactor (#238)
grafana-community/helm-charts: charts/loki/README.md

## Upgrading

### 11.x.y

> In Helm chart version 9.6.0, PR [#238](https://github.com/grafana-community/helm-charts/pull/238) uses a new pod template for the compactor statefulsets. This new template includes changes like `enableServiceLinks`.

Reviewer: I think the comment Is wrong right? It's not version 9.6.0

Author: This version will change many times... until merge.

> In Helm chart version 9.6.0, PR [#238](https://github.com/grafana-community/helm-charts/pull/238) uses a new pod template for the compactor statefulsets. This new template includes changes like `enableServiceLinks`.

Author: ```suggestion
### 11.x.y

In Helm chart version 11.x.y, PR [#238](https://github.com/grafana-community/helm-charts/pull/238) uses a new pod template for the compactor statefulsets. This new template includes changes like `enableServiceLinks`.
```
